good evening welcome to PJ's can I take
your coat Oh actually real comfortable
you have to leave it here
okay I can take these too as is the case
with many of the restaurants that Chef
Ramsay visits the word has spread in the
community and PJ's is much busier than
normal
[Music]
I'm not used to being the hostess how
would you like that cooked well I just
know it's good and I know it's been and
I know I can handle the job I don't go
through his job really well as my food
is good talk to me for two seconds he
literally doesn't talk behind the line
he doesn't communicate with me
especially when it's busy the worst
situation in the world
all right yes sir gotta talk to them
come on talk
marriage lack of communication has the
staff waiting for direction and the
diner's waiting for food Justin only
wait this long full on choice yes
usually takes two hours to get here two
hours well as first thought to finish
[Music]
they're starting to complain now there's
no food over come on you can do this can
you give a yeah give a come on
in big man this is the steak house yes
PJ Steakhouse PJ stay here yeah pathetic
joke that's what it stands for
come on guys nobody looks too happy here
so the amount of people we had tonight
it was ridiculous amount of time that
way for the food that's it
[Music]
I'm 16 an hour into dinner service food
is finally leaving the kitchen because
of the amount of customers
everyone is delivering the food even
Madeleine it was clearly not comfortable
with the job hostess I only own it so I
know nothing about the food I am
probably the only person who owns a
restaurant in the world who wouldn't
know what good food is that's the truth
I I left that part up to Joe from the
beginning to aggressive it's an hour and
a half into dinner service table 30 all
the apps are in the window
many customers have received food
but for most it wasn't worth the wait
oh wow okay so I'll tell the chef about
the chicken
[Music]
nobody want me doing it
Oh Lord with them I went to check the
menu it's chicken Madeira and I'll have
them take it off for you I just don't
know how to have better manners at the
table how long 23 7 and the flame that's
someone's come on guys alright so
just some of that salad it's like a full
8 yes 12 learn it's only gonna come back
Chef Ramsay is standing there and
catching the mistakes as they're
happening look at the trap and beneath
their dose of that hurry that's well
done
everything just feels like it's turning
downward what's out there John I still
meet you
it's a disaster it was horrible to watch
it just fall apart
come on no I can't so much for me
probably the only person who owns a
restaurant in the world who wouldn't
know what good food is that's the truth
you're cooling my plonker now on you